Add detail new calendar on the Sonarr integration (#25351)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/sonarr.markdown

- `sensor.sonarr_queue`: The number of episodes in the queue.
- `sensor.sonarr_shows`: The number of series in Sonarr.
- `sensor.sonarr_wanted`: The number of episodes still wanted.

## Calendar

> The Sonarr integration provides `calendar.sonarr_episodes` to show the upcoming episodes on HomeAssistant's calendar view
> 
> If the calendar is empty, increase the "Number of upcoming days to display" option in the integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sonarr integration provides `calendar.sonarr_episodes` to show the upcoming episodes on Home Assistant's calendar view

If the calendar is empty, increase the "Number of upcoming days to display" option in the integration
```
